annot: cut carrot and cumcumber to slices
ACTID: 0
PRED: cut
[DOBJ, food] carrot (-1), cumcumber (-1)
[PP, other, to] slices (-1)
annot: Cook the carrot on a pan with sesame oil
ACTID: 1
PRED: cook
[DOBJ, food] the carrot (0)
[PP, food, on] a pan with sesame oil (-1)
annot: Boil some spinach and yellow sprouts
ACTID: 2
PRED: boil
[DOBJ, food] some spinach (-1), yellow sprouts (-1)
annot: Add salt, minced garlic and sesame oil to the boiled spinach
ACTID: 3
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] salt (-1), minced garlic (-1), sesame oil (-1)
[PP, food, to] the boiled spinach (2)
annot: mix them
ACTID: 4
PRED: mix
[DOBJ, food] them (3)
annot: cut some mushroom
ACTID: 5
PRED: cut
[DOBJ, food] some mushroom (-1)
annot: add sesame oil, soy sauce, garlic and pepper to it
ACTID: 6
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] sesame oil (-1), soy sauce (-1), garlic (-1), pepper (-1)
[PP, food, to] it (5)
annot: mix the beef with some soy sauce, pepper, sesame oil and minced garlic
ACTID: 7
PRED: mix
[DOBJ, food] the beef (-1)
[PP, food, with] some soy sauce (-1), pepper (-1), sesame oil (-1), minced garlic (-1)
annot: Add sugar to the beef
ACTID: 8
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] sugar (-1)
[PP, food, to] the beef (7)
annot: fry it on a grill
ACTID: 9
PRED: fry
[DOBJ, food] it (8)
[PP, location, on] a grill (-1)
annot: Pour some sesame oil at the bottom of a pot
ACTID: 10
PRED: pour
[DOBJ, food] some sesame oil (-1)
[PP, ,location at] the bottom of a pot (-1)
annot: Add some steamed rice to the pot
ACTID: 11
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] some steamed rice (-1)
[PP, food, to] the pot (10)
annot: Dump in the beef, all the prepared vegetables and chili paste
ACTID: 12
PRED: dump
[DOBJ, food] the beef (9), cucumber (0), carrots (1), spinach (4), mushroom (6), chili paste (-1)
[PP, food, in] (11)
annot: Crack an egg on the top
ACTID: 13
PRED: crack
[DOBJ, food] an egg (-1)
[PP, food, on] the top (12)
annot: spread some sesame seeds
ACTID: 14
PRED: spread
[DOBJ, food] some sesame seeds (-1)
[PP, food, ] (13)
annot: cook it on the stove
ACTID: 15
PRED: cook
[DOBJ, food] it (14)
[PP, food, on] the stove (-1)